Docs:Adjust azuread.md for Powershell UUID command (#27323)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/azuread.md

> Only available in Grafana v6.7+

> The Azure AD authentication makes it possible to use an Azure Active Directory tenant as an identity provider for Grafana. You can use Azure AD Application Roles to assign Users and Groups to Grafana roles from the Azure Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure AD authentication makes it possible to use an Azure Active Directory tenant as an identity provider for Grafana. You can use Azure AD Application Roles to assign users and groups to Grafana roles from the Azure Portal.
```

> Only available in Grafana v6.7+

> The Azure AD authentication makes it possible to use an Azure Active Directory tenant as an identity provider for Grafana. You can use Azure AD Application Roles to assign users and groups to Grafana roles from the Azure Portal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Azure AD authentication allows you to use an Azure Active Directory tenant as an identity provider for Grafana. You can use Azure AD Application Roles to assign users and groups to Grafana roles from the Azure Portal.
```

1. Under **Manage** in the side menu, click **App Registrations** and then **New Registration**. Provide a fitting name.

1. Under **Redirect URI**, select **Web** as the app type.

1. Add the redirect URL `https://<grafana domain>/login/azuread`, then click **Register**.

> 1. The app's **Overview** page is displayed. Note the **Application ID**: this is the OAuth client id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The app's **Overview** page is displayed. Note the **Application ID**. This is the OAuth client id.
```

> 1. The app's **Overview** page is displayed. Note the **Application ID**. This is the OAuth client id.

Reviewer: Should it be "client ID"?

Reviewer: If yes, then capitalize "ID" throughout.

1. Click **Endpoints** from the top menu.

   - Note the **OAuth 2.0 authorization endpoint (v2)**. This is the auth URL.
   - Note the **OAuth 2.0 token endpoint (v2)**. This is the token URL.

> 1. Click **Certificates & secrets** and add a new entry under **Client secrets**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Certificates & secrets** and then add a new entry under **Client secrets**.
```

   - Description: Grafana OAuth
   - Expires: Never

1. Click **Add**, and then copy the key value. This is the OAuth client secret.

1. Click **Manifest**.

>    - Define the required Application Role values for Grafana: Viewer, Editor, Admin. Without this configuration, all users receive the Viewer role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Define the required Application Role values for Grafana: Viewer, Editor, Admin. Otherwise, all users will have the Viewer role.
```

>    - Every role requires a unique id.

Reviewer: Is there any reason not to capitalize ID? If not, then please capitalize it throughout.

1. Go to **Azure Active Directory** and then to **Enterprise Applications**. Search for your application and click on it.

> 1. Click on **Users and Groups** and add Users/Groups to the Grafana roles with **Add User**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click **Users and Groups** and add Users/Groups to the Grafana roles with **Add User**.
```

### Configure allowed groups

To limit access to authenticated users who are members of one or more groups, set `allowed_groups`
to a comma- or space-separated list of group object IDs. You can find object IDs for a specific group on the Azure portal:

1. Go to **Azure Active Directory -> Groups**.

For example, if you want to only give access to members of the group `example` with an ID of `8bab1c86-8fba-33e5-2089-1d1c80ec267d`, set the following:

```ini
allowed_groups = 8bab1c86-8fba-33e5-2089-1d1c80ec267d
```

You'll need to ensure that you've [enabled group attributes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-fed-group-claims#configure-the-azure-ad-application-registration-for-group-attributes) in your Azure AD Application Registration manifest file. Navigate to **Azure Portal** -> **Azure Active Directory** -> **Application Registrations** -> **Select Application** -> **Manifest**, and set the following:

```json
"groupMembershipClaims": "ApplicationGroup"
```

### Configure allowed domains

> The `allowed_domains` option limits access to the users who belong to the specific domains. Separate domains with a space or comma.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `allowed_domains` option limits access to users who belong to specific domains. Separate domains with space or comma.
```

> > Note: Ensure that the [root_url]({{< relref "../administration/configuration/#root-url" >}}) in Grafana is set in your Azure Application Reply URLs (App -> Settings -> Reply URLs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Ensure that the [root_url]({{< relref "../administration/configuration/#root-url" >}}) in Grafana is set in your Azure Application Reply URLs (App -> Settings -> Reply URLs)
```

### Configure allowed groups

To limit access to authenticated users who are members of one or more groups, set `allowed_groups`

> to a comma- or space-separated list of group Object Ids. Object Ids for a specific group appear on the Azure portal:

Reviewer: The capitalization of "Object Ids" is confusing. Is this in an Azure UI somewhere? If not, then "object IDs".

> 1. Go to Azure Active Directory -> Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **Azure Active Directory -> Groups**.
```

> For example, if you want to only give access to members of the group `example` which has Id `8bab1c86-8fba-33e5-2089-1d1c80ec267d`, set the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to only give access to members of the group `example` which has ID `8bab1c86-8fba-33e5-2089-1d1c80ec267d`, set the following:
```

```ini
allowed_groups = 8bab1c86-8fba-33e5-2089-1d1c80ec267d
```

> You'll need to ensure that you've [enabled group attributes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-fed-group-claims#configure-the-azure-ad-application-registration-for-group-attributes) in your Azure AD Application Registration manifest file. Navigate to Azure Portal -> Azure Active Directory -> Application Registrations -> Select Application -> Manifest, and set the following:

Reviewer: Per the [Documentation style guide](b/master/contribute/style-guides/documentation-style-guide.md) and [Microsoft style guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/welcome/), UI fields and things you click in the UI should be bold.
